<<<<<<< HEAD
Need for Space
Dan Pavol Dylan

High speed racing set in space using hovercraft cars, sometimes set on various planets.-
...
As opposed to most racing games, it is set in space
...
Speed
Control
Gravity
Diverging paths
...
It's similar to other racing games with the key difference being that you drive hovercraft cars that are moving 
at the speed of land-speed record vehicles. There is much less room for error because any contact with obstacles will destroy your
vehicle, with the exception of touching other vehicles. There are a variety of paths to choose on the various courses aswell and
the game includes an open world segment.
...
Solid online gameplay, no lag
Tight controls
Intense gameplay with high consequences for error
...
Similar games would be F-Zero, Forza, and Need for Speed
=======
Title - Need for speed space
insert team member names here
Dan Carroll - C00272187

Elevator pitch 
Describe your game in 30 seconds or less
Your in space, theres a huge floating race track, you need to beat the rest of the players and/or ai
to the finish line,astroids, solar flares are all obsticals that will make the race a living nightmare,
dont drive off the edge otherwise a space ship will need to pick you up and drop you back on the track loosing
vital time.


World Background
main differences in your game world
Unlike classical racing game environments you are in space dealing with all the dangers that come with the territory


Pillars
3-4 fundementals of this game
Race against other players
dodging space obsticals
shooting space lazers at other drivers
multiplayer


30 second gameplay description
describe what its like to play the essence of the game loop
Drive through the perals of space, fight your way through hordes of other drivers who will stop at nothing to win,
dodge manover and avoid on coming astroids and solar flares to protect you and your eyes, collect medals and throphies from
all your victories to show off to other players on the global leaderboard


Features points
key selling points of your game
Multiplayer, free to play, ranking system, fun!


Market analysis
similar games , typical customer, expected sales
Wipeout 2048
Racing fans, motorsport fans, competitive players,
4 million units expected

>>>>>>> a9b9dc6ad1b9b7fec033f9850372868d163b2f18
